[KAGA] So man. Go anywhere
cool for summer break?
I worked and that was about it.
Hey, not bad. You must have
a ton of money now though.
[NAGARA]
Hmm.
We took a family trip to Hawaii.
That's kinda crazy,
looks like Hateno.
Um, I dunno what
you're talking about.
But the water was,
like, super clear.
You could see loads of fish
and stuff when you went under.
[gasps]
Hey, Mizuho.
Uh... You are...?
Uh...
Sorry, thought you
were someone else.
[growls] Stop daydreaming
and watch where you're going!
[NAGARA]
Sorry 'bout that.
Idiot.
Was it all a dream?
Did any of it really happen?
[inaudible]
[gasps]
[NOZOMI] I've been waiting
forever, what took you so long?
Sorry, the guys in
the basketball club needed me
to sub in again.
Guess there's not enough
of me to go around.
[NAGARA]
No.
I'm positive it happened.
[NAGARA]
We were gone all that time...
[clang]
That sounded scary,
was it supposed to happen?
[NAGARA]
Yeah, don't worry.
We just passed light speed.
Means we're at the doorway
to other dimensions.
[MIZUHO sighs]
[NAGARA]
Let's get ready.
[MIZUHO groans]
[BOTH gasp]
[ASAKAZE] Are you sure you know
what you're doing here?
This is gonna have
serious consequences!
Our original selves,
they're different people now!
Yeah, we still don't
belong here, though.
You guys are both
freakin' insane.
Just like her...
If you'd never known,
you'd think this was enough.
We were given more
than our fair share!
Besides, you have to realize
nothing's gonna change here
or back in our old world!
But we still wanna
see for ourselves.
Nozomi followed her heart
in everything that she did.
She wasn't forced to do
anything she didn't want to.
I'm the only one left.
Ms. Aki's gone.
Kossetsu went and joined Hoshi.
And Raj became a forest,
living with the animals.
[MIZUHO sighs]
[ASAKAZE]
Even Hateno Island sunk.
At this point...
...there's nothing here for me.
[ASAKAZE]
Go on.
Thanks.
[MIZUHO]
See ya.
[NAGARA, MIZUHO panting]
[PRINCIPAL]
You must not leave this place.
[MIZUHO gasps]
[NAGARA] But you didn't say
we can't leave here.
I know we'll be okay.
Let's go.
[MIZUHO]
Mm.
[BOTH panting]
[PRINCIPAL] Is it even possible
to take it with you?
[NAGARA panting]
[MIZUHO panting]
[MIZUHO] We're not sure
if Nozomi will be alive
when we get back home, right?
[NAGARA] That's why
we've got her Compass.
[MIZUHO]
Hmm?
[NAGARA]
I mean...
We can't really change anything.
But only the things
that can happen do happen.
All we're doing is
re‐rolling the dice.
[MIZUHO] Hey, Nagara,
why'd you decide to go back?
Because... I finally see
the same light she did.
[MIZUHO'S MOTHER]
It seems they're building
apartments here.
[MIZUHO]
Hmm...
[MIZUHO] Wonder how Grandma's
cats are doing.
I'd heard that Tora
passed away.
Oh, really?
[MIZUHO'S MOTHER]
Well, he was 13 years old.
He lived plenty long.
The service that took
them in is pricey, though‐‐
400,000 yen per cat!
So I'd expect them to get
the best care money can buy.
I mean, what, do they have
gold litter boxes or what?
It's weird, everything is gone.
[gasps]
Hey, Mizuho.
Uh... You are...?
[sighs] Sorry, thought
you were someone else.
[MIZUHO gasps]
[MIZUHO grunts]
[NAGARA grunts]
[MIZUHO]
Hey, Nagara.
"Rajdhani's parrot laughs, too."
[gasps]
[NAGARA]
You remember...
[MIZUHO]
Mm.
[NAGARA]
Hmm.
[MIZUHO]
Is work hard?
[NAGARA]
Meh, it's fine.
[MIZUHO]
I should probably get a job.
Rent an apartment.
Take in the cats.
[NAGARA] Don't do it
unless you really have to.
I'm sure there's plenty
of stuff that you need
to be doing right now.
[MIZUHO]
Mm.
[NAGARA]
I knew nothing would change.
I'd almost convinced
myself to accept that.
[MIZUHO] You chose to go back
to this life, didn't you?
[MIZUHO]
Remember what you told me?
You said we couldn't
change the world‐‐
the only thing we could do
was roll the dice
and see what happens.
Do you still believe that?
Yeah.
We really can't
change the world.
And we can't reverse time,
either, and make another choice.
[NAGARA]
When I look back on everything.
I felt like there were
almost infinite probabilities,
things were wide open. But now,
I can't see any of them clearly.
Someday, this moment
in time will be hazy, too.
I'll just make
the same mistakes again.
Nozomi...
I'm not sure if she's
the same girl that we knew.
But still, this is
the future that she saw.
Have you talked to her?
No. I've only seen her.
Well, she's not gonna remember
what happened to us.
No.
Wonder if she's even the same.
I dunno.
[MIZUHO]
Guess you gotta work, huh?
Be seein' you.
[MIZUHO]
Look, you'll be okay!
If you're like
what you were back there,
you're gonna be just fine,
I promise. So don't worry.
[NAGARA]
Mm.
[inaudible]
You were worried
about them, too?
[gasps]
[NOZOMI]
I heard some crazy chirping.
One of the guys at the station
told me he thought the mother
had been killed by
a crow or something.
Almost all of the poor
little birdies were dead,
but this one's still alive.
[squeaks]
Can you take care of it?
[NAGARA]
Uh. No...
I'm not allowed to have pets...
[NOZOMI] Uh. We used to go
to the same school, right?
Yeah. You transferred
in during the second term
of third year, didn't you?
[ASAKAZE]
Nozomi.
[NOZOMI] Well, it looks like
mama bird didn't come back
to the nest.
And this one is
the only survivor.
Huh. So what are you gonna do?
[NOZOMI] Hmm. I'm gonna look
after it, of course!
Least till it can fly.
Ah.
[laughs]
[NAGARA] Our lives are
just getting started.
The road ahead is full
of twists and turns.